
# Principles of data visualisation

- We gotta start simple then go more complicated. start with a table, then go higher.

- Data should **stand out**. All other elements play wingman to data in order to make it *pop*.

- Look at colour, avoid clutter, learn to prioritise without prioritising too much

- Spa    ce cre    ate   s grou    ps. Use this to your advantage, and be aware of it's effect

- Group by:
	- Colour
	- Spacing
- Learn how to group different plots through colours for easy visual comparison

- Avoid using colour on elements that aren't data, ==draws attention to something important==, or use to support the data's/your message.

- Avoid colour/colour with visual pull, in:
	- Background
	- Data labels
	- Data annotations
	- Low priority data

- Consider *Horizontal bar graphs* ~~wow how the fuck did i actually not think of this bruhhhhh~~

- Rearrange data vis and denote legend to allow for comparisons to be made where needed, as much as possible. Learn to answer questions more effectively by isolating categories, and breaking out relevant groups.

- Don't overload. Step in and order the tones and aesthetics of the data to reorder the data and customise to best prioritise viewing.

- Things to make sure you haev a reason for editing/keeping the same:
	- label format/length/style of description
	- Legend format/length/style of description
	- Colour of data
	- space between data/data grouping
	- need for an adjacent data vis for a second comparison.
	- comparisons must be helpful

- You can also tabulate with space, provided your data isn't a mess and you can show trends with category denotations.

- Can omit certain words from labels in order to avoid repitition/clutter, viewers aren't idiots. instead of 90-100 years, use age/years; 90-100 as a column from unit.

## Things to consider about legend:
- Simplification, especially if laypersons are looking at data
- ordering/ avoiding clutter and repetition
- Style it with *\*snazzy*\*


Data stories should be less obvious to be more engaging.
