Hi, I'm here for another sporadic journal entry, because my phone is dying, I'm on the train, and I simply do not want to get started on work.

Honours is going... well, it's going. Honestly I don't even know how many "I'll get to doing that" 's I have left In me, and we've barely gotten started on lab.

Right now the combination is as follows:
1. Irregular sleep
2. Instant gratification addiction
3. Memory loss in literally every scenario
4. Mild Impotence (not enough to be a problem but enough for me to worry)
5. Fear of doing my work, cleaning up, getting though tasks where even the smallest things seem monstrous.
6. Still can't sing
7. going insane because I can't sing the songs I like
8. not gargling
9. not cooking breakfast properly
10. not eating regularly
11. not doing meal prep
12. Not going to gym consistently
13. absolutely fucking disorganised
14. overwhelmed by finances, the housing market, if I'll be able to earn a liveable wage, if i'll be able to take Hana on holidays, will I be able to survive feel the way I feel right now for years to come, will I be able to change and if so how soon, does the change require medication or am I just missing on key, crucial piece of the mental puzzle that is my malfunctioning brain, will I ever enjoy what I do that is work or is that never going to happen
15. Not being able to hang out with friends as frequently as I want to
16. I cannot get myself to actually follow the schedule I set because I never wake up on time and it just mucks up my day every single time.
17. Behind on all my work
18. Underperforming even my lowest of expectations.

Alexa, play Awakening by Ichika Nito:

I feel so fkn lost, sometimes like I'm still falling. I've slowed down my degeneration to make it look like I'm stuck in place, but it feels like it gets harder every day, and I'm wondering if it's just me or if that's literally how my brain is right now. I feel like I've been "fighting for just a little longer" for a little under 3 years now.


Upswing I guess:
1. I helped Jemima a bit with her RStudio coding, and she was very happy about that
2. I went and had lunch + convo with uhhhhh yeah fuck
3. still going for SUMS
4. managed to get through one (1) article
5. I'm eating okay, like chronologically irregular but not skipping meals.
6. Hana loves me
7. I'm applying for graduate programs and getting through the vetting processes, practicing the interviews, etc. and that's going good!
8. stocks are down, but I did the chart to find out I grew `18` percent after tax in 6 months!
9. 