> [!info]- Auditory Processing Disorders
> In a growing population of young adults with hearing disabilities ranging from tinnitus to auditory processing disorder (APD), it is clear that considerations need to be made. For the accessibility of a new group to be potentially become stranded in a world were one must rely on making sense of the auditory world they are surrounded by, to fit in and thrive in society.
> > [!summary]- Takeaways for Primary Themes
> > - [[Art]]: Is it an issue for listening to music or movies, that people do not understand what is being said without lyrics or subtitles? I myself sometimes do not understand what the hell is being said. With Christopher Nolan such a thing is intentional, and subtitles affect immersion. When Listening to Kendrick, who uses a heavy Atlantan accent to represent his culture, sometimes lyrics are needed to actually understand his prose and poetry.
> > - [[Identity]]:  APD would inadvertently lead to issues in communication, and thus affect both one's perception of society, and also society's perceptions of oneself. A person with APD may be extroverted but with such invisible communication issues may come of as antisocial and introverted despite the fact. Factors into identity through how a person's real self and perceived self can become separated by barriers of disability.
>
> > [!example]- Key Takeaways for Secondary Themes
> > - [[Inclusion]]: Such people with Auditory processing issues; what kinds of accessibility would be required? much of our accessibility needs to be tangible to have any semblance of effect in the perception of society and action of govt or council to help accommodate. Such issues affect ability to socialise in public, work in crowded busy spaces, impede auditory learning (where presentations primarily use auditory descriptions to elaborate and teach in lectures and seminars)
> > - [[Observation]]:  APD would inadvertently lead to issues in communication, and thus affect both one's perception of society, and also society's perceptions of oneself. A person with APD may be extroverted but with such invisible communication issues may come of as antisocial and introverted despite the fact.
> > - [[Equity]], [[DEI]], [[Social Value]]: It can be argued that if social media consumption and scree addiction leads to such a resulting disability, it was essentially brought upon by the "victim" of the disorder. Contradicting this, it can also be said that many would not be aware of such dangers when engaging with a product designed to engage your attention and immerse you. the debate at the core is whether or not a person should have been aware of this beforehand. My take is "no", but others argue that in the case of iPad kids, parents should have been wary from when initial child psych research had begun. This may play into paranoia?
> > - [[Technology]]: As a consumer it is the job of authority to keep us safe. As there are no health warnings how is a person to know? At the same time we should be responsible enough as adults to realise and at least make the effort to explore the potential dangers in such technology.

^39a06e

#philosophy #example 